three times including the longest in the
store the low to high pass and the
easier path before the essential result
for the first time that's for the three
dish menu of the day rapidly a group
breaks away back in Rodriguez is the
first at the top of the loot i pass and
clinches the king of the mountain points
awarded there the 17 riders in the front
of five minutes clear from the pack some
of them are good climbers michela a scan
cosmic nicolas roche or rafael mashka
however the peloton and the main
contenders decide to start chasing in
the gap narrows progressively you're
both cunning and his partners from
netapp after a good work in the climb to
show was yesterday take command of the
yellow jersey group in the end nothing
happens in the e sua pass in the final
ascent of the day at last most of the
breakaway writers are caught only one
man resist Rafa Micah the poll of think
of saxo nibbly the yellow jersey where
makes an effort but unlike yesterday the
italian can prevent micah from taking
the stage is the first one to a
successful the pole still nearly who
arrives with Carol wins more seconds at
the finish on his pursuers father NP no
are strong and leave Valverde behind in
the last kilometers not enough for them
to keep the Spaniard out of the podium
though unfortunately this stage has not
been as entertaining as expected was a
very good job Stephen was in the break
that's not easy for them because
istana later net up were chasing want so
they didn't the
no no no space but I race really well
and then I want Iran
that is who was every man for himself at
the loudoun say stayed really with the
favorites which is really good comes
into the top 10 of the GC good there was
eight at the end that storm of climbing
was our theater finish with the producer
from the very bad day
from the start
we should start already
under States
holidays lot already but I tried not to
think about what was coming around
you